Docker Threat Modeling
Given Docker's system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats that may arise.

1) Tampering: Insecure Docker API. Attacker can get control of the docker client.
2) Information Disclosure: Insecure Docker Image pulls. Sensitive information may be left in the image and exposed at runtime.
3) Elevation of Privelege: Container Escape. The --privelege flag allow elevation of the container image permissions.
4) Spoofing: Container spoofing. A sidecar container that has intentional access to the primaray container's namespace may spoof the namespace resulting in isolation tampering.
5) Repudiation: Daemon misconfiguration. An user can make changes to the daemon that are not legitimate.

Kubernetes Threat Modeling
Given Kubernetes' system components and the STRIDE framework, identify five potential threats that may arise.

1) Tampering: etcd data tampering. An attacker can tamper with etcd data modifying vital system-level configuration.
2) Denial of Service: Excessive traffic. Excessive traffic to API server can lead to resource exhaustion.
3) Information Disclosure: Insecure Kubernetes Dashboard. Sensitive information can be exposed.
4) Elevation of Privelege: Unsecured Kubelet. Attackers can get control of the Kubelet and make changes that are not legitimate.
5) Repudiation: Unauthorized change to Kubelet. Kubelet authentication should be TLS.

Docker-bench Run Results and Analysis
From the failed findings, select and document 3 findings from the Docker-bench results that you want to harden based on the 5 attack surface areas you identified in Step 1. At least 1 of the 3 hardened findings should be different from the ones mentioned in the exercise (i.e. 5.10, 5.14, and 5.22).

1) 1.2.4 Ensure auditing is configured for Docker files and directories - /var/lib/docker (Scored) --> Information Disclosure
AND 2.1 Ensure network traffic is restricted between containers on the default bridge (Scored) --> Information Disclosure

2) 2.17.b Ensure containers are restricted from acquiring new privileges (Scored) --> Elevation of Privelege

3) 4.5 Ensure Content trust for Docker is Enabled (Scored) --> Spoofing

